# CS250-Final-Project

Q1: How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this? 
  There are several different ways to interpret user needs and implement them into a program. Using an Agile approach, User Stories can usually be defined by following   the format: "As a, I want, so I can". "As a" indicates the end user, "I want" revolves around the feature, and "so I can" is what the end user can accomplish with     said feature. Other critical variables of User Story are a conventional name, acceptance criteria, and the estimated size/priority of the User Story. Once a User       Story is defined, it can be placed and prioritized with other User Stories in the Product Backlog where the development team will decide what sprint the User Story     will be dedicated to. The User Story may also be removed, replaced, or edited as the project progresses.

Q2: How do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
  Prior to this class, I was largely and unconsciously approaching development from a Waterfall perspective. Many assignments I have completed during my academic career   have given me all the variables I required to complete the project upfront. These included the timeline, the references I could use, and the exact sequential steps I   needed to take to best complete a project. Because many of our Computer Science classes have also followed this method, I used my past experiences such as having       multiple back-up plans to tackling a problem and designing very detailed flowcharts and pseudocode to make it through my classes. After completing this class and       seeing how effective Agile has been for many organizations, I will try to incorporate "just in time" decisions instead of creating back-up plans that usually become   waste. I will also use "just enough" details in my pseudocode and flowchart to continue forward successfully with the project.   

Q3: What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
  While there are universal traits that make someone a good team member, I also argue there are some deviant traits depending on the person's role. Universally           however, a good team member communicates effectively, is a continuous learner, takes self-ownership in their work, is a reflective decision-maker, is not afraid to     speak up for what can be improved, conducts themselves professionally, is resilient, respects others, etc. Truthfully, you could fill a novel with answers to this     question depending on your perspective and the professional public's opinion on what it means to be a good member.
